===============
 Python-uinput
===============

Python-uinput is Python interface to Linux uinput kernel module which
allows attaching userspace device drivers into kernel. In practice,
Python-uinput makes it dead simple to create virtual joysticks,
keyboards and mice for generating arbitrary input events
programmatically.

Author: Tuomas Räsänen <tuomasjjrasanen@tjjr.fi>
Homepage: <http://tjjr.fi/sw/python-uinput/>

Usage examples
==============

Generate keyboard clicks:

  import uinput
  
  device = uinput.Device([uinput.KEY_E, uinput.KEY_H, uinput.KEY_L, uinput.KEY_O])
  
  device.emit_click(uinput.KEY_H)
  device.emit_click(uinput.KEY_E)
  device.emit_click(uinput.KEY_L)
  device.emit_click(uinput.KEY_L)
  device.emit_click(uinput.KEY_O)

Move mouse cursor:

  import uinput
  
  device = uinput.Device([uinput.REL_X, uinput.REL_Y,
                          uinput.BTN_LEFT, uinput.BTN_RIGHT])
  
  for i in range(20):
      device.emit(uinput.REL_X, 5)
      device.emit(uinput.REL_Y, 5)

Generate keyboard combinations:

  import uinput
  
  device = uinput.Device([uinput.KEY_LEFTALT, uinput.KEY_TAB])
  
  device.emit_combo([uinput.KEY_LEFTALT, uinput.KEY_TAB])

See examples/ for other kind of example devices (keyboard, joystick).

How to install
==============

Just run the following commands:

  python setup.py build
  python setup.py install

How to report bugs
==================

The bug database is hosted in Launchpad. If you have found a bug or
have an improvement idea you want to share, please report it at
<https://bugs.launchpad.net/python-uinput>. However, to avoid
duplicate bug reports, before reporting, please check if similiar or
identical bug has already been reported. If so, you can still
subscribe to the existing bug to track its progress.

If you are unsure whether the problem you have is due to a bug, you
can always ask questions at
<https://answers.launchpad.net/python-uinput>.

How to contribute
=================

In addition to reporting bugs and improvement suggestions, you are
encouraged to contribute bug-fixes or features. The source code is
maintained in Git and the main repository is hosted at GitHub,
<https://github.com/tuomasjjrasanen/python-uinput/>. The preferred way
to contibute code is to clone the main Git repository and send a
pull-request. Good old patches via email are also accepted.

How to copy
===========

Python-uinput is free (libre) software and licensed under the terms of
GNU Public License version 3 or later. In short, it means that you are
free to copy, modify and redistribute this software as long as you
place the derivative work under a compatible license. See COPYING for
details.
